TODO:


CLIENT/SERVER - Fix rubber banding caused by incorrect movement when spamming keyboard presses.

CLIENT - Keyboard movement appears jerky, needs fixing.

DONE:



CLIENT - Achievements window heading is incorrectly formatted.

CLIENT - Fix setting zoom.

SERVER - Re-enabled Mod Reduction damage for Monsters.

SERVER - Added XP mob/player mod rewards.

CLIENT - Item click dragging to shortcuts isnt working.

CLIENT/SERVER - Make Attack Recharge multiplier from 4s to 3s and x3 damage.

CLIENT - Add download link to mobiles.

CLIENT - Make Gamepad work with new Looks Dialogs.

CLIENT - Fix attack and moving bug.

CLIENT - Fix hash challenge error sometimes on start.

CLIENT - Re-work appearance dialog, to include preview unlock and unlock button.

CLIENT - When loading an item in shortcut if there are multiple shortcuts image width/height not loaded fast enough.
CLIENT - Enable shortcut to shortcut dragging.

CLIENT - DPAD mouse movement is not moving up/down/left/right properly.
CLIENT - Enable selecting Inventory Gold in Inventory to transfer to Bank.

CLIENT - Hide gold amount in Appearance Dialog.
CLIENT - Fix short hand values for achievements.
SERVER - Turn down xp rewards on achievements.
SERVER - Turn up item xp rewards on armor, and possibly lower weapon xp.

CLIENT - Attack skill can now target.
CLIENT - Inventory Window no long has windows behind it in Auction/Bank.

SERVER - Health stat level modifying does not show in client when adding points.
CLIENT, When selecting other equipped items while an equipped item is selected, select the other equipment.
SERVER, Scale gold making it better for harder mobs, less for easier ones.

Add Drop function for InventoryHandler.

BUG - Attacking sometimes jams the movement functions.

BUG - In Looks Dialog some appearances have no item icon.

FIX BUG Player sometimes jams and moves across with the wrong orientation.
  user.js, player.move

Add semi-transparent black to chat window.
Adjust shortcut bar window.
Equipping bow does not change animation.
  - Slight bug when swapping to bow, Bow armor sprite does not swap.
Chat button doesnt activate enter text prompt.


Update shortcut equipment count when activating item.

Harvest Entity sometimes does not remove Sword when destroying any.
When NPC is targeted it's not shifting the target to an enemy next to the player.


TEST - Also in enchant and repair make item deselected when Enchanting or repairing.
TEST - Enchant and possibly Repair does not work for new equipment slots.


NEED TEST - MAJOR FIX NEEDED: Craft Items can be duped swapping inventory slots.

NEEDS TEST - Items in the Enchant that are not weapons or armor can be duped.
TEST - You can swap a potion with a armor/weapon item, and they move into the shortcut slots.

DONE - Sometimes the player when using auto-pathing wanders right off the screen.

FIXED -Dropping Items jams the player when using direction keys and prob gamepad.
DONE - Targeting NPC when nothing targetted looks for a near Mob, when it should just select the npc.


COMPLETED:

I think ok - Check messaging between clients.
Not sure - Add auction price notify change in client.
DONE - Smooth out key moves between clients.
OK - Reduce size of dropped itemloot.
done - Fix skills to scale with screen.
done - Combat bar does not re-scale green bar width.
done - Chatlog is hard to read on gamescale 2.
done - Add username. not playername to store donations.
test - Bubbles need adjustment.
done - Tested stats change.
Working - app.js:403 - Width and Height not clamping mouse properly.

TODO:
FIXED - Get equipment working so can equip/unequip etc.
  NOTE-dragging to equipment does nothing otherwise working.
  NOTE-Also bug in swapping items which has been fixed.

FIXED - Character isnt in center of the screen.

FIXED - Shortcuts key assignments and display in screen.

Add Fatigue system to game to make use of energybar.

Low priority - Entity sprite can go underneath some sprites and ordering is not preserved.

IMPORTANT:

FIXED - Spawning from TOwn to forest with keys does not work, needs to be implemented.
FIXED - No gold is being added from Server.

FIXED - Fix speech bubble alignment in renderer.
  - Needs more test.

Fixed in client needs rollout - Creating new character the default select Char is loading, not new char.

Needs test - 4k Compatible display.

Complete - WASD Keys for movement.
  - Already done.

FIXED - Fix Avatar Preview in HUD and in Looks Dialog. (Scale=2).

TODO - Add attack and Target buttons for joystick mode.
